Adds benefits of rhdh (#663)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/discover/con_benefits-of-rhdh.adoc

:_newdoc-version: 2.18.3
:_template-generated: 2024-11-04

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT

[id="benefits-of-rhdh_{context}"]
= Benefits of {product}
{product} is designed to streamline developer workflow by providing a consistent self-service experience and can simplify application development through pre-built resources and enhanced collaboration tools. 

The following are the benefits of {product}:

* Increased developer productivity. Increases productivity by eliminating common organizational challenges, enabling seamless collaboration, and providing clear guidelines for creating, developing, and deploying applications.

> * Unified self-service dashboard. Provides development teams with a unified dashboard covering various aspects such as Git, CI/CD, SAST/DAST, Supply Chain, OpenShift/Kubernetes cluster, JIRA, monitoring, API, documentation, and more, facilitated by over 150 plugins. All curated by a platform engineering team, aligning with the company’s best practices.

Reviewer: Do not use smart quotation marks. Use ''' rather than ’. 

```suggestion
* Unified self-service dashboard. Provides development teams with a unified dashboard covering various aspects such as Git, CI/CD, SAST/DAST, Supply Chain, OpenShift/Kubernetes cluster, JIRA, monitoring, API, documentation, and more, facilitated by over 150 plugins. All curated by a platform engineering team, aligning with the company's best practices.
```

Reviewer: Additionally, Define acronyms and abbreviations (such as 'SAST/DAST') on first occurrence if they're likely to be unfamiliar.

* Best practices through software templates. Automates organizational best practices by encoding common tasks such as creating new applications, running Ansible jobs, and establishing CI/CD pipelines for production deployment in Git.

> * Scalable technical documentation. Code and documentation resides in the same repository, eliminating dependencies on proprietary document systems.

Reviewer: Do not use "resides" if a simpler verb is possible.

> * Efficient onboarding for new developers. New developers can adapt quickly and become productive within a short timeframe.

Reviewer: Spelling:

```suggestion
* Efficient onboarding for new developers. New developers can adapt quickly and become productive within a short time frame.
```

* Robust enterprise Role-Based Access Control (RBAC). Empowers administrators to create roles, assign users or groups to roles, and implement robust security policies for enhanced access control.

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources

> * For more information about the different features of {product} and how you can extend the upstream Backstage product by providing additional features such as integration with OpenShift, enterprise role-based access control (RBAC), and dynamic plugins, see link:https://developers.redhat.com/rhdh/overview?intcmp=7015Y000003swEuQAI&source=sso[{product}].

Reviewer 2: Not sure if `7015Y000003swEuQAI` is correct and `intcmp` added intentionally. Also, not sure if `{product}` would be used in url correctly as it contains spaces. Is it a problem that we aren't linking here to concrete product version? Would need someone from docs team to confirm this url is OK.

Author: Thank you @dzemanov. For this section, we are linking it to the Developers site. I am, therefore, renaming it to `Overview of Red Hat Developer Hub` and changing the url. I have also removed the `7015Y000003swEuQAI` and `intcmp`.
